Yeah?
You are the only other trip to Line Purple,
Another kind of old man’s one still has your name written on it.
I am your visit certificate.
You said your death would be cheap. Bastard! What happened?
The only thing you have to do now is give birth to this well,
So you can still get half of it?
It’s not like sleeping peacefully and having a relationship,
Might as well eat.
It's me who should be hated, you guys understand, it's your dad.
I'm damned, I'm damned,
I'm damned, I'm damned, I'm damned, I'm damned, I'm damned,
Damn it, I got a virus in my heart, and I was sent to a place of enjoyment by an object person,
The situation is not optimistic.
People like him die
Now my bug has finally been reported to the vice president
Miss Ji already knows your identity
Do you think you can keep her in the future?
It's me who has white spots on her belly
From this point on she will never be allowed to become vice president.
when will you understand
In fact, these are all inseparable from Miss Ji.